hotline League is brought to you by open
by HP we've got full auto Hill here full
on a hill clearly you're calling from a
hill but can you tell us where the hill
is located the hill is located in San
Diego California hey my hometown I love
San Diego I would just move to you oh
well it's great you I want to move there
when I retire if you're on a hill you're
probably in the La Jolla area I'm not
actually on a hill oh this section yeah
I lied to you listen I bet that's
terrible way to start the show but or
start the call but what do you want to
talk about so I want first off I want to
leave this I am a TSM fan so sorry Chet
I know everyone in this chat hates TSM
fence but that's okay
let's go I want to talk I want to talk
about how TSM obviously has a huge
problem with proactivity lack of it and
I think the main issue seems to be
stemming from bjergsen style of
shotcalling
and how he plays a really slow
methodical controlled game and the Peter
was actually the only source of like
aggressive shot calling on TSM but now
that he's off the team and they actually
brought on mithi who was actually also
shares
bjergsen same style slow shot calling so
I think that this team is probably
doomed to fail in international
unfortunately would all right here TSM
fan predicting TSM to fail
internationally yeah I know what about
taking yeah I saw the get him off the
show work screed these collars on a bit
about I'm just kidding I just care the
problem he's in sandy was a great guy
I'm happy to have him here even if
twitch s family gonna hang up remote all
right so the question is that maybe we
can formulate this as is tsm's roster
but do you think that this roster here's
a question is better or worse than last
year's colonial um it's hard to say I
think it was it might be slightly better
I do think that unfortunately that the
the shock calling that myth is bringing
isn't really
adding much interest like types of
playstyles they can bring because if you
look in previous iterations of TSM
they've always had issues with early to
mid-game decision-making and I don't
know if myth is really bringing much of
that to the table whereas I definitely
think that doublelift was bringing a lot
of that when he was on TSM because back
in 2016 I honestly feel like TSM looked
like they were the best possible
iteration that could have been
successfully successful internationally
because they were such a dominant early
game team and they were just stomping
competition and so with with that major
voice gone now I don't know if they're
actually gonna be able to be successful
internationally okay so you think worse
is what all that amounts to I think
that's fair to say and cop and twitch
chat' spamming worse
so reformulating was caught this this
question
Satan work is it do you think it's early
enough can we say is TSM worse than they
were last year and is this roster not
going to be better than last year's I'd
say for now they're worse the roster is
really weird to me because okay like
remember one double if wasn't on TSM
before and then I remember they said
that like answer had to pool like a lot
more weight in the shower calling and
stuff and you guys remember the meta
then was like all right on the the
Malachi or whatever and like you push
out the side lane and then I'm gonna
come in and I'm gonna start the play and
then we're gonna have the fight like
he's playing gangplank you know the
hell's you're gonna like TP and like
shoot somebody with the GATS like it's
just you know like they can't bring that
voice in he can't fill that that hole
and I like but he was even talking to
Hunter about that this like after this
weekend like you could tell that I don't
know what it is but like mithi like
mickey should be the person that's
facilitating a lot of these plays like
Mickey and Mike Young cuz like that's
where the positions of word plays get
made now and in the game and he's really
unlike us s first item WonderCon when
like you notice every every single other
like good recon player like gorillas
going zieks because Zeke's gives you
like the most rundown power and like a
lousy be as explosive as possible like
even didn't like on tahm Kench when he
didn't need to like he's he's Flint he's
building scared and like you can tell
just by like I don't want to get caught
you know
and then like I could lose the game or
like he could catch me out like just you
can tell just by his item builds without
even like knowing anything about the
team they're like that's that's not the
person that's like you know hitting the
hammer like starting the plays done like
getting things done if you're a billion
like that you're scared and you can't be
scared when it's like a 40-minute game
and you gotta like you got to make the
play to like get some shit done and then
Mike young Mike Young is he's still a
rookie in my eyes like I don't know he
did have his time on p1 but I don't
think that like did you look the
champions that he came from because
playing like Nidalee and like all these
like pick pick type champions not like
big teamfight facilitators so when it's
really hard to like start a big
teamfight as just the tank and be the
primary engage in a big game cuz
literally everybody is waiting to like
either flash your ability or like you
know qss or like get out of it in some
way shape or form so it's not perfect
you literally instantly lose the game
there's a lot of junglers that you can
see that are trying to do it like
Akkadian is like a prime example of that
and you can see like the Akkadian and
Mike young type junglers that are like
really fumbling this so I think there's
tsm's problem is is they don't have
somebody that can facilitate plays like
this like every single time and that's
why they look like they're choking and
that they don't know what to do because
like is it in the back of their mind
like oh I'm gonna fuck it up like that's
why we can't do anything so they just
need to fuck I think their coaching
staff case is going in like kind of like
show like when every single team that is
really quick and strong about their
plays are doing and then just kind of
like run it over with the people that
are responsible for it and like get them
out of like that
they're like funk that they're in I
think Mickey and Mike young are
mechanically you know gifted enough to
do all this kind of stuff so it's
actually funny how similar this answers
the one that of a saint just gave that I
gave to Thorin earlier in the day when
we were talking about this kind of stuff
like I I agree there's like concert was
a huge part of like their engaging
previously like it wasn't bio frost it
was kind of spent and then it was like
Han sir on a lot of tanks and stuff
back when tanks for more meta and he is
he is like a pretty eglise the most
aggressive player on TSM generally
speaking like in terms of laning and
stuff as well so I I was saying a
similar thing where it's like it sucks
that they don't have Hossler to engage
anymore he's just spamming GP and
they TSM has like really amazing gold
lead stats and stuff like that but when
you look at their games you're not like
you don't see them doing much to get
those leads it's mostly a fact that like
they're all mechanically great and then
it's like they don't have the ability
either like the ability to sync up on an
execution or like the mindset to look
for it I'm not quite sure which of the
two it is but like with how with the
leads that they get they should be
closing games out like c9 and Team
Liquid and echo fox
yeah and that's definitely the point
that I was trying to make is they
definitely don't have that cohesion or
that that Drive like Peter definitely
seemed like he was the main voice in
making those aggressive shot callings
where they could dive bottom lane and
make all this plays and he could play
around him and I I definitely think
hunters that been stepping up and is a
huge was a huge Rockford to you Sam and
I think he's and I don't even blink
blame Mike Young because he is newer and
I definitely think he's been improving a
lot recently I mean if you look at it
compared to week one he's actually
making the plays on on when he can and
in making B engages than he needs to
it's just yeah I like just like st.
vigeous was saying it doesn't always
work out and then it can go really
really wrong really fast
great hey thank you fool on a hill I
really appreciate it
mark the next color can you grab min
Berg I check with him and see if it's
working yeah thank you fool
all right so we got Vaughn hung Chou is
a be launched a subbed Raynor TV subbed
Diablo cg subbed obi-wan obi-wan kenobe
subbed arrow tempest the pit father and
killing you guy have all subbed see much
how much did menbung have to play to hop
the line Travis just so people in chat
know how much it costs yeah Fast Pass
man bond is a sub - in the sub chat that
he sang about this but he specifically
really wanted to be the person to
counter that last call which is why I
asked him to hop the line so man buck we
have a different opinion on all this
what are your thoughts okay so
I think Saints been trying to hit this
for the whole LCS I think best of ones
are the problem in judging team strength
or cohesion - I don't think that
bjergsen is like the problem I mean it's
really kind of hard to say that V
Erickson is the problem when he's been
on every team that's made it into the
finals and arguably has been one of the
strongest players in the world at his
position or in general on top of that I
just think that the it's gonna it's
gonna take more time because they should
have beaten echo fox there's no way they
should have lost a clutch gaming their
record is not who they think they who we
think they are to quote like NFL quotes
but when when you just look at the way
that they're playing they obviously have
cohesion problems but this is the best
of ones if you would have a
best-of-three system I think by now at
the same week we would have a better
idea about oh yeah song and TSN they're
getting all together and Mike Young's
got a really good hold of the jungle
pool now and however they are supposed
to work together and allocate resources
right there we go so what do you guys
think st. mmm you know it's funny about
video one like could you imagine if last
split was Bo one you remember how like
it was always a running joke or like
haha TS have lost the first game with
the bo3 again yep and this is like
basically what it would look like you
know pretty much imagine if like what
their score would have been last foot if
there was be a one it probably looked
something similar to this right so but
do we think do we think TSM is losing
because they keep getting like cheesed
or screwed over in these beste ones like
there is it's it's not I wouldn't I be
like even you and last but it wasn't
like people like Game one were like
here's all these ridiculous things that
were and then they would adapt it was
like they just
only speaking seemed to be like a slow
starting team in game ones like or
whatever like they've never been like
the like unbelievable story
teams are weird in the bo3 like that cuz
I even Dignitas week we didn't always
win yeah like I looked at its like 87%
win rate or something on a bo3 like on
the first game and then we like have
like an 80% loss rate on the second game
it's like we're gonna lose that every
time man it doesn't matter how well we
prepare them so it's like some players
just play a lot better than the first
game and some players may play there at
the second game it's weird some players
need be like warmed up maybe like get
some of the TSM players are like that
and then yeah so it's it's kind of weird
to like try to gauge like player
strength in it in a bo1 setting
oh no problem for saying about best of
ones so like when the best-of-three
change came through to the regular
season I was really excited cuz I was
like great hopefully they get rid of it
at Worlds - and stuff but they never did
and it doesn't seem like they're going
to so if Worlds is gonna have best of
ones do you feel are you more alright
with best ones existing in the league
format as well or do you just wish like
even with best of ones in worlds you
would still want best of three in the
league system I'm like the knockout
stage I think be a wonder buying it's
just I don't know it's just a different
it's a different game like it did I yeah
it's not like one's better or worse than
the other it's just like each has its
pros and cons in my opinion okay but I
kind of getting back to what menbung was
saying so I really quick my bum now
you're good man
is TSM getting screwed over by best of
ones I really just the innocent victim
team cast by a cool system a best of one
system it doesn't allow them to show
their true power I think they're bad
best to one team and it's just well I
would guess they're a bad best at once
it's hard to say because we haven't seen
this roster play elsewhere yet but it
seems like TSM has had best of one
struggles pretty consistently so is that
riots fall or tsm's fall why would it be
Wrightsville well I mean here the
question I'm formulating it this way is
because I think
aarti as some fans menbung probably
being one of them that think like oh my
TSM why does right have to be so cruel a
change the nose okay that's not okay
this is my biggest thing is that best of
ones cause reddit to your analysis
across the board to where we just have
instant reactions and o cg beat TSM
there for clutch gaming is better than
TSM and it's like no I mean I'm from
Houston Texas I love clutch but there's
no way I can look at them on paper and
think that oh my god if only TSM was
playing best of threes like the caller
before said that last year's iteration
in best of threes was the best you know
TSM that he's seen but they still
struggled in Game one of best of threes
you know and I don't enough correct me
if I'm wrong either
any of y'all but I don't think songs
ever coached in best of ones outside of
Worlds knockout stage for mortals or
previously when he was in Korea so like
I'm not trying to say that Oh
TSM what was us like yeah y'all need to
get your game together because this is
what we deal with every team is dealing
with best of ones but to have this oh
it's your sand oh you know no all mithi
and it's just give them some time cuz
like again it's technically like a best
of one round-robin and we'll find out at
the end I just I think like Saint said
like if it was best of ones last year
TSM probably doesn't even make playoffs
so the little overreaction from the
community and especially some people on
the TSM subreddit was a little bit
overblown and I still think because I
called in two weeks ago and said week
four we'll find out TSM is good enough
and I think we're at the place where we
still think that they're pretty good
you're saying you still think they were
pretty good after this weekend yeah I
think I think that you definitely you
can see it in clutch gaming damn they
didn't secure objectives correctly and
in in the echo fox game weeks ago that
they did one over died and it through
the rest of the game let me ask you this
menbung so you don't yeah it's like yeah
this is a may be a symptom of best of
ones but doesn't think does it raise any
red flags for you that's like when TSM
inevitably rallies and wins the split
again and all that stuff and goes to
international competition are you not at
all concerned about
oh no definitely a concern I think
that's why I'd like it's not it's not
something to wear well st. just left I'm
sorry yeah I think that it's it's a
symptom of TSM so it's definitely not
like song or anything in particular but
like best of ones have always been a TSM
problem so I don't know if you want to
put that on what's coming down from the
top at Reggie not to thrill you know
daggers at the man but that there's
something inherent within TSM and how
they run or read the meta within their
staff that doesn't allow them to shine
and best of one's so going towards
international events as a TSM fan you
would be ignorant to think that oh well
we won the split so we're gonna do great
at international events it's like well
international events are robbing the
best of ones so good luck all right so
you're not saying that the system is
screwing over CSM you're just saying you
know stop looking at at burek and
everybody it's just Travis I got a
question member so there's a consistent
problem with TSM and best of ones and
you don't want to throw daggers at
Reggie who do you throw it to hackers if
there's not that many consistent players
across the splits
I mean like obviously he's probably the
consistent figure throughout all than
even pre Buicks and now granted those
best ones are a little bit different and
the quality of the league scene was a
whole lot different the teams weren't
necessarily as good or probably read
metas as well but I just think that
going from especially for TSM fans are
especially the ones who like our anti
TSM fans like love to see TSM blues that
this best of one like reddit to your
analysis overreaction is just a little
bit too much so I just think Oh
tilted Hedmark gotcha okay you want to
come in on that chimed in
no I'm just saying this is a lot of
wordplay to get around saying Bjork
since the consistent member okay so like
if that's what the whole premise is at
be rickson's the consistent member I'm
just I'm just I'm just mostly fucking
with you do is the problem yeah
basically the one consistent thing
and maybe you guys don't agree with me
on this but I like pretty strong
opinionated about this but the one
consistent thing at TSM and one of the
reasons why they succeeded so much
throughout the years and the difference
is that Reddy's probably not coaching
the team right now and guess what
happens at the end of every split as it
goes in the playoffs like Reggie starts
coaching the team and I don't give a
fuck baby red he's probably the best
coach in like na like easily like better
in the song better than any of those
people and like he's gonna come in he's
gonna get the shit together and he's
gonna get people playing aggressive and
he's like very aggressive in like the
way that he makes plans in the game and
getting stuff done and I think that
that's just really what's happening
right now and and it's gonna come to the
end of the split like near playoffs like
week eight week nine
Reggie's like alright song like you had
your chance like you get your top Mike
Young to place a jawani good job and
he's gonna come and he's gonna get the
shit together and then they're just
gonna come in and take like a fat
dumpster like to yell or like whoever
they got to go against and that's just
just sound it's gonna happen and it
sounds always happens then could I just
reframe the the kind of picture is it
the same thing that we y'all talked
about two weeks ago with CLG how there's
no alphas on the team hate when we talk
but that kind of gets down to what
Saints saying is that look it rather
than saying real alphas maybe there's
not any strong leadership or strong
vision someone that takes control which
I guess was the callers you know point
about having double lift but at the same
time you know it's like oh yeah the
example right so when we worked at
Dignitas alright so basically you know
you were talking before about hundred
thieves and it's like all these players
like have their different views of like
how to do everything you know we
basically came at the end of the split
it's like alright someday we're first
picking you malachi every fucking game
and he's like but i don't want to play
maka
that's nice like you're Malachi and like
we're only we're a we're playing through
botlane only like it's shrimp you can
gank top one time that's all you get
then you're only going bottom you know
like we pretty much set up like the
whole strategy for the game and it's
like this is the game plan and this is
what we're gonna do it
nothing to do with being a Chad or being
like whatever it's about you go into the
game and it's like it you get
everybody's ideas together and you push
them together in like one direction it
doesn't mean that one way is right or
wrong it's just that everybody is on the
same page doing the same thing like
that's all that matters
and and an example from this split would
probably be c9 we're like traditionally
c9 ganks mid and they play around mid
and all this stuff mid and like spend
when he joins C and I was like I'm
looking forward to being aggressive
again and some stuff and some interviews
it looks like well now he's playing
sejuani skarner every game and
everyone's going top it's like maybe
that's not how everyone on the team
wants to play that game but I bet Reaper
is like this is what we're doing with
liquorice deal with it is that you think
that sneaky wants to be like all right
sneaky you're getting no ganks we're
going top it's like nice
I love no games you know he has three
all farm with cube yes like nobody wants
to do that shit like cuz somebody's
gonna get shafted that's all like Pro
League is somebody's gonna get the short
in the stick do you think sneaky gives a
fuck he's making like God knows how much
the money stream and like haha my
butthole itches wait doesn't care wait
that's why it's like a great that
licorice can look good and think they
can play through that late you know it's
all good like it just doesn't matter
what your playstyle is what Lane you go
through is that you develop a strategy
to go through like you need like one
light one primary Lane and you need like
a secondary light it's so like for c9
for secondary Lane is like mid and their
primary latest top so well then if
you're primarily hate to cut you off but
we we have listen half my own we got
some scars to go through thank you so
much for calling it calling it and
providing a different opinion well I
think you know what you want to do for
your highlighting right Travis I mean as
soon as people start talking about TSM I
was like well that's what we do we only
talk about TSM for money we make sure
you get one TSM topic of the week so
that we can make that highlight video I
mean the sad thing is is I make a
highlight video about golden Guardians
nobody's gonna watch it and those
highlight videos are more about getting
people to become aware of the podcast on
the show and so it's it's almost more of
an advertising thing less of a money
thing I just like it when people know
about the show because the maintenance
part luckily st. also dropped probably
the funniest kid show and good job